Discord Voting Automation (#45)
JamBrains/jam-docs: docs/dao/opengov.md

### Voting Mechanics 

All internal referenda are voted on within the JAM DAO Discord by team representatives,  ensuring full transparency of members' votes and feedback on each referendum.  

A basic explanation of the DAO's voting process and timeline is as follows:

* A new relay chain referendum is created.
* The bot fetches the referendum details and creates a matching internal referendum in a Discord.
* The bot creates a discussion topic 
* Members discuss the referendum details. For some referenda, we also reach out to proposers for a call.
* Members submit their votes on the internal referendum alongside their feedback.
* The bot submits an on-chain vote on day 7 (first vote) and day 20 (second vote, if changed),  the final day (if changed), and during confirmation (again, if changed).
* [planned] The bot collects all member feedback and generates a summary of comments using a ChatGPT (or similar) API, submitted to Subsquare or Polkassembly.

#### Voting Policy

The DAO utilizes a fully transparent voting bot.   Two key parameters encourages high participation and in-depth internal discussion before any vote is cast:

> * MIN_PARTICIPATION: 45% -- the number members required to vote before a AYE or NAY vote can be cast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MIN_PARTICIPATION: 45% -- the number of members required to vote before an AYE or NAY vote can be cast.
```

* Voting Threshold: 51%  -- The percentage of AYE (or NAY) votes relative to the total number of votes cast to vote AYE (or NAY).

If neither the MIN_PARTICIPATION nor Voting Threshold is met, the resulting vote is _abstain_.

> Members _may_ be removed due to lack of voting behavior in order to meet MIN_PARTICIPATION objectives.

Reviewer: I guess we will add details for this later.
